chore: update README.md (#352)
PlasmoHQ/plasmo: cli/plasmo/README.md

## Contributing

Please see the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/PlasmoHQ/plasmo/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn more.  

> [Contributors](https://github.com/PlasmoHQ/plasmo/graphs/contributors) are the future of plasmo!  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A big thanks to all of our amazing [contributors](https://github.com/PlasmoHQ/plasmo/graphs/contributors) ❤️

 You could be here, too!```
